Update Test-CsOnlineLisCivicAddress.md (#9238)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Test-CsOnlineLisCivicAddress.md

# Test-CsOnlineLisCivicAddress

## SYNOPSIS

> > [!CAUTION]
> > This cmdlet has been deprecated and is no longer supported.
> > 
> > Please use [New-CsOnlineLisCivicAddress](New-CsOnlineLisCivicAddress.md) cmdlet instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This cmdlet has been deprecated and is no longer supported. Use the [New-CsOnlineLisCivicAddress](New-CsOnlineLisCivicAddress.md) cmdlet instead.
```
